hey it's me that Gremlin that shows up
every six months to torment technology
for your viewing pleasure and today is
your lucky day because I'm going to be
building another PC while I have lots of
experience being heavy-handed with
computer components I've also learned
that they can be quite rugged making it
a little less intimidating for beginner
PC Builders like me to handle but the
one part that I find the most
intimidating is picking out the right
components for my configuration so
companies like Corsair and NZ XT are
creating these build kits to make
building a PC for the first time just a
bit easier so first thing I'm noticing
is we have this bigger box with all of
the smaller components and the case on
the inside I've been informed that this
has already been unboxed once so the way
that the components are in the Box
currently is not how it will come to you
so first we've got the power supply this
is the CX 550m which is a semi modular
ATX power supply we have the PC
Precision kit it's super awesome that
they include one of these if you don't
already have an LTT Precision
screwdriver we've got our Co Air
Vengeance lxp Ram oh this is the
motherboard okay motherboard labeling
drives me nuts because I have no idea
what I'm looking at but this is the pro
b760 P Wi-Fi ddr4 motherboard from MSI
and then of course the Intel i5 and our
graphics card uh 4060
they're stickers personally my favorite
part of building PCS and buying PC
components is often times they include a
little freebie like that as well as this
other not so freebie because I guess you
pay for it with your kit but you get a
Windows key as well wish for the
best Flawless did he
break
no he's dead
breed here's everything out of the box
this is the core set they also have a
few other options if you're looking to
upgrade a bit more but for somebody
who's looking to just get their foot in
the door this is a great starter option
so I'm a very visual person I will often
times pick components based on the way
they look so I'm interested to see how
this configuration looks Al together but
the case itself looks pretty nice let's
get it out of the box uh this is the
4000d airflow case from
Corsair this is always the scariest part
like actually starting to take things
apart because now it feels real that I
actually have to build a PC again we
didn't have instructions in the Box they
may have been thrown out when it was
first unboxed but thankfully they have
their manual online uh so you can easily
reference it if you do end up losing
that top sheet or manual remove the
motherboard from the packaging and place
on the anti-static bag I'm already doing
things wrong unpack the CPU and install
it into the motherboard so we've got our
little Intel uh Core i5 CPU do not
remove the plastic cover protecting the
CPU socket good thing I read the
instructions cuz I almost did that match
it with the small Triangle located at
the bottom left corner of the CPU socket
oh yeah it's right here no pressure I'm
so scared I'm
sweating
okay oh my God my hands are so shaky did
you see that it's like a horror movie
for me and for the audience
I think I did
it oh my God I'm so
scared oh my gosh okay and
then it's really tight it's really
tight this is corsair's DIY Precision
screwdriver and we're going to test it
out initially but I'll probably swap to
the LT Precision screwdriver after the
first go
around oh okay I appreciate this a lot
but it like matches the cover and the
the holes on the PC case good on you
Corsair we love some brand guideline
consistency it it has a magnetic tray
which is nice I I don't want to go all
infomercial and start pitching the LTT
Precision screwdriver to you but I
already have a few notes for Corsair
anyways this is I'm going to have to get
used to this my hands are so shaky it's
the fear I don't want to disappoint the
people oh my gosh oh it doesn't have a
picture of the SSD installation portion
but thankfully I've done this before so
I think I know how to do it that was a
very satisfying click this looks right
now I must put the screw back
in it's not magnetic enough I need a
more magnetic precision screwdriver
that's where the LT Precision
screwdriver comes in handy look at that
me no I got to stop doing that I hate
screwing anything in because I always
strip threads like literally almost
every
time these oh maybe I'm just screwing in
the wrong one wait let's let's try a
different screw at least I can say
you're getting an authentic uh view of
what building a PC for a beginner looks
like we have our Co Air Vengeance DDR
for Ram uh this is two 8 GB ones so 16
GB
total uh I personally run the Vengeance
Ram in my PC but it's the white ones to
match everything else and I also know we
need to unlock these but I can't
remember which two slots I need to put
it in so maybe the instructions can help
I hate when they use numbers like this I
don't have any reference for where I
need to start the count from well
they're colorcoded in the image but are
they not they're not color coded on the
motherboard so after building a couple
piec I know now you align this little
slot with the little um slot there and
then you just push until it
clicks little bit of pressure on both
sides it's
in yay I'm I'm super surprised with how
good this is actually going so far oh it
goes this way okay so don't install it
upside down like I was about to
do I think that was my first time ever
installing an IO shield and I I think I
did a good job can I get a little thank
you where's the fan where's the CPU
Cooler no no cooler whoever unboxed this
initially Jake tyy uh forgot to put the
CPU Cooler back
in you're our
savior or old be careful not to remove
the pre-applied thermal paste found on
the bottom side of the air cooler no
thermal paste in sight but thankfully we
have a tube here all thermal paste
applications should be gauged on how
dinosaur they are does it look like a
dinosaur be honest yes thank you push
down the push screws until they click
okay I see so there's some little holes
here oh this is so scary I haven't
installed a CPU fan like this
before okay it kind of looks like these
three are incorrect I just need to push
this one how is there thermal paste
everywhere look it it's here it's here
it's on my hand
again at least everything will be pasted
there's literally thermal paste on this
how did that happen how is it all over
me like this is this a normal experience
for PC Builders to have thermal paste
everywhere so I may have missed a step
but that's okay we're going to do that
step now by installing the motherboard
into the PC case you know what got me is
there's no picture of that
I want pictures is it all right if I
lower the desk a little bit what did you
just say a little
louder one more time say it we still
need to throw to the sponsor the
sponsor thanks to vti for sponsoring
today's video their new Courtside
Classics bring a vintage tennis shoe
style to their roster and just like
their other shoes they come with vess's
claim of being 100% waterproof even the
brightest sunniest days can turn cloudy
on a whim so your feet need to be ready
for any occasion whether that's a
surprise Lake day chilling on a boat or
one of those long nights in the city in
the city the Courtside Class come with a
padded tongue and collar plus a
lightweight design that makes you feel
like you're walking on clouds go snag a
pair today using our Link in the
description and you'll even
automatically get 15% off your entire
order a oh I put the io shield in
backwards do you remember like 20
minutes ago when I said so don't install
it upside down like I was about to do
don't don't install it upside down easy
fix those are the kind of fixes I live
for and I'll take my nicely organized
screws with me over here while I screw
in the motherboard I can probably stand
the PC case up
now
yay look at how beautiful it doesn't
have a graphics card in there yet but I
feel pretty good it's nice they're like
kind of already cable managed a little
bit in the back I appreciate appreciate
that less work for me refer to the
motherboard's manual for detailed
description of the ports and connections
but there are images so I'm going to
refer to the
images we have this guide now that came
with the motherboard so in fact all of
these that I'm not sure where they go
belong together
somewhere okay I figured it out mostly
yeah struggling is like a very nice way
of saying what was happening there's
thermal paste on the table is that where
it's coming from unbox the power supply
okay that's next I can pose like like
the boys on Tinder with a
fish there's a lot of cables with power
supply but thankfully from my experience
in the past usually there's only one
port that these can sort of fit into so
it's a little little easier to guess
although that way wouldn't be my
recommendation I think it goes
underneath
here in this little spot
right that seems right probably doesn't
matter that much aside from the
direction the fan is pointing which is
currently up but most of the heat is in
this area
anyways so maybe it's fine oh okay so it
it is the one that's labeled CPU power
here but it's labeled differently in the
uh instruction died it's not labeled 24
pin but I think it has 24 pins so it's
probably right and that goes here
because there's literally nowhere else
that it will fit we have the Nvidia
GeForce RTX 4060 uh for our graphics
card and we are now in the part of the
video where I install that so brace
yourselves this is going to get
interesting
how did they not tell me to install this
or like screw it in at least it's not in
the
instructions this has to go with this
here
right is this the right spot this has to
be the right spot I took out three this
one right here I can hear you
cringing it
clicked yay that was absolutely
effortless this grab the PCI
cable Oh you mean the cable that I threw
here it is it's labeled
PCI I don't know why you asked me to do
videos let's get the LT the big size LT
screwdriver this is way easier with this
screwdriver last
screws and then we should be ready to
turn this
on I'm just
kidding could you imagine all that work
and I drop it will the computer
boot okay what do they always say unplug
it and plug it back in again all right
we got to it just lit up okay it's
making noises the CPU Cooler is on and
so is the fan and so is the other
[Music]
fan oh
it might help to plug it into the
monitor just in case this happens to you
thankfully Corsair has a help portion on
their website where they mention what do
you do if your PC doesn't turn on uh and
they have a support number that you can
call so hopefully they can help you
figure it out thankfully I have my own
support team here at lmg um but most
people don't have the the pleasure of
that so as you can see we have the PC up
and running you might want to play most
games at 1080p although you can try
running some in 14 1840 you just might
not get the best frame rates uh however
with this being their base model version
of this build kit uh 1080p isn't
necessarily A Bad Thing it works and I
built it with ease kind of mostly and a
little bit of help at $1,000 I would say
this is a
success thanks for watching subscribe to
short circuit and if you're interested
in watching me build another PC I won't
blame you if you don't uh I would check
out the nzx build kit video that I did
on this channel thanks for watching bye